- [Instructor] Most web applications are built
using external CSS, JavaScript, or images.
We're going to take a look at how we can reference
these resources within a JSF application.
To get started, we're going to modify our template,
and the first thing we need to do
is replace the  HTML tag with its JSF equivalent.
So we'll go ahead and add the "h" prefix
so that we can pull that tag
from the HTML tag library in JSF.
Once that's put in place, we can go ahead
and we can use the  tag
in order to point to our global CSS style sheet.
So the first thing we do is specify the library attribute,
and here we can specify that this is going to be CSS,
and then we specify the name of our style sheet,
which will be global.css.
The next thing we're going to do
is add a banner image into our application.
So here where we have our table,
we're going to insert a new row,
and then inside of that row,
we're going to add a table cell.
And within that table cell,
we can reference the  tag,
and the  tag
allows us to display an image on the page.
And we'll just say that it's within the img library
because that's the subdirectory within our resources folder.
And then we specify a value for that image,
so we're going to provide a path to the banner.jpeg
that we have within our application.
So we can follow that path,
if we take a look, it goes within the resources directory,
into img, and then banner.jpg.
And then you'll notice we have the shake.js file,
so that's some JavaScript that will shake our form.
Let's go over to the form,
and here we're going to add that JavaScript file
into our page.
So here we are specifically adding the JavaScript file
to only this page.
So to do that, we can use the  tag,
and once again we will supply a library,
so we're going to point to that js directory
nested within resources.
And then we provide the name of the file,
and within that shake.js file,
you'll see that it refers to our form by its ID,
and it needs the ID to be item-form.
So let's go ahead, put that in place, we'll save everything.
And then we're going to run our application on the server,
so we'll see that start up.
And I'll open a browser,
and within the browser, we can navigate to our form.
You'll notice we got the shake there.
You'll see that we now have the banner image.
Let's enter a product.
So our product, we'll say it's gloves,
and we'll say they're GreatGloves,
they're available October 10th,
and we'll say "These are great gloves."
Okay, we'll go ahead and submit that.
And there we can see that our list page is also styled.
So that's how we can incorporate those external resources
into our web applications built with JSF.